we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results with this stages
I know no I'm in the final wow I don't
know what to say this is the most
excited I've being by far but
I'm gonna try not to get carried away
with they still got a lot of hard work
to do it's been the most incredible ride
and we have to say mid this week I sort
of felt I just don't think I can I can
go any further but you know Saturday
today has proven that maybe there is a
bit of juice left in the tank my name
come out first as well just win the
final that's amazing
next week it's probably going to be the
hardest week it's gonna be twice as hard
this is gonna be the last every week has
been like touching on impossible so very
very competitive exciting final Jason
tonight's in the Argentine tango on fire
so I'm expecting fireworks it's gonna be
a night to remember now it's time to
have your say comment on the BBC
strictly results blog and let the nation
know what you thought of the results